feat: tool to list all the aggregators supported by the protocol (#443)
RequestNetwork/requestNetwork: packages/toolbox/README.md

yarn run:create 12
```

### Get conversion paths

Returns all the aggregators used for the any-to-erc20 proxy.
It can be used to populate the [currency pair](https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/blob/master/packages/currency/src/chainlink-path-aggregators.ts#L9) (in @requestnetwork/currency) when we add a new aggregator to [ChainlinkConversionPath.sol](https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/blob/master/packages/smart-contracts/src/contracts/ChainlinkConversionPath.sol) on any network.

```bash
yarn chainlinkPath

# ###################################################################
# All aggregators: (Used to list all the aggregators)
# {
#   network: {
#      "currencyIn": {
#        "currencyOut": "aggregator"
#        ...
#      }
#      ...
#   }
#   ...
# }

> # All aggregators nodes for dijkstra: (Used to populate @requestnetwork/currency)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# All aggregators nodes for the currency pairs graph: (Used to populate @requestnetwork/currency)
```
I know that I am picky with that but Dijkstra is how we do it. One could populate the graph without knowing about Dijkstra algo.
